docs: Created quality assurance table for List All Task API (#826)
anitab-org/mentorship-backend: docs/quality-assurance-test-cases.md

| Logged in user tries to complete a task from an non existing request (The request  exists in a different relationship) | Fail |
| Logged in user tries to complete a task from a request which is not in the ACCEPTED state (as a mentor or as a mentee) | Fail |

### List All Tasks

> **Service:** PUT /mentorship_relation/{request_id}/task/{task_id}/complete

Reviewer: This is not the correct endpoint for list all tasks.

> | Test Case      | Outcome |

Reviewer: @khushishikhu  These test cases according to me, aren't valid for list all tasks.
This is not similar to what is given as a mock in PR.
@khushishikhu The state of task shouldn't be included in any condition.
Only the owner (mentor/mentee) of a task should be the primary condition to check if the task belongs to the user, if yes, it is returned in the list.
For eg.

Logged in user requests list all tasks, and out of all tasks, those which involve user (as a mentor or as a mentee) - **Success**
and the other one being where user isn't involved - **Fail**

Author: you mean for listing tasks , there should not be a condition of ACCEPTED task or REJECTED task

| Logged in user tries to complete a task from an non existing request (The request  exists in a different relationship) | Fail |
| Logged in user tries to complete a task from a request which is not in the ACCEPTED state (as a mentor or as a mentee) | Fail |

### List All Tasks

> **Service:** PUT /mentorship_relation/{request_id}/task/{task_id}

Reviewer: This is still the wrong endpoint. 
If you have doubts, you can always refer the docs.
i.e for this case : **GET `/mentorship_relation/{request_id}/tasks`** will be the endpoint.
As you can see on https://mentorship-backend-temp.herokuapp.com/

Check the first endpoint in below image.

![Mentorship](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18344707/92134200-df417b80-ee26-11ea-8ba5-68610937111f.png)

| Test Case  | Outcome |
| ---------- | -----------|
| Logged in user requests list all task,or out of all task, those which involves the user (as a mentor or as a mentee) | Success |
| Logged in user requests list all task,or out of all task, those which involves the user (neither as a mentor nor as a mentee) | Fail |

> | Logged in user requests to list all task whose id does not exist, which involves the user (as a mentor or as a mentee) | Fail |     

Reviewer: As there will be no `task_id` the test cases will resolve to following cases : 
1. Logged in user requests all tasks for a mentorship relation in which user is involved | Success
2. Logged in user requests all tasks for a mentorship relation in which user isn't involved | Fail
3. Logged in user requests all tasks for a invalid mentorship relation | Fail
4. Not logged in user requests all tasks for any mentorship relation | Fail
5.  ...

These are just rough approximation of the cases, with rough language.  
If the cases aren't clear, you can refer the backend function and list the cases accordingly.

Author: sorry, i am unable to find the backend function. can to please give me the link to refer.

| Logged in user requests list all task,or out of all task, those which doesn't involves the user (as a mentor or as a mentee) | Fail |
| Logged in user requests to list all task which is invalid (not an integer), which involves the user(as a mentor or as a mentee) | Fail |
| Not logged in user (invalid token) tries to List all task| Fail |

> ### Tasks

Reviewer: This should come even before List all tasks.
`Task` will contain `Create` and `List All Tasks` as subheadings.

| Logged in user tries to complete a task from a request which is not in the ACCEPTED state (as a mentor or as a mentee) | Fail |

### Tasks

#### Create

**Service:** POST /mentorship_relation/{relation_id}/task

|  Test Case                                                                                | Outcome |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |-------- |
| Create a task for a relation, in the accepted state, between logged user and another user | Success |
| Creating a task without a description (either empty or not in the request body at all)    | Fail    |
| Create a task when a logged user is not involved in the relation                          | Fail    |
| Create a task if relation state is different than accepted                                | Fail    |

> 

Reviewer 2: this is already present on the `develop` branch of the project. Is your fork up to date with this repository @khushishikhu ?

Reviewer 2: I see this is duplicated in this file, the same table is present on line 231, could you please remove the duplicate from below this line? So you only have this page here?

Author: yes sure I will remove the duplicate table from that line.Thank you!

#### List All Tasks

**Service:** GET /mentorship_relation/{request_id}/task

> | Test Case        | Outcome |

Reviewer 3: A nitpick. Space out the table in markdown to maintain uniformity with other tables.

Author: @paritoshsinghrahar done with the changes. please have a look

Reviewer 3: Great.

| -------------- | ----------- |

> | Logged in user requests list all task,or out of all task,for a mentorship relation those which involves the user (as a mentor or as a mentee) | Success |

Reviewer 2: @khushishikhu I don't quite understand the sentence, what do you mean here?

Author: @isabelcosta  i mean that the task will be successful when the logged in user which is either a mentor or a mentee requests to list it's all tasks for a mentorship relation . This is what i am getting that should be written over here, if there is still something inappropriate please let me know or guide me as well. Thank you

> | Logged in user requests list all task,or out of all task, for a mentorship relation those which involves the user (neither as a mentor nor as a mentee) | Fail |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Logged in user requests list all task,or out of all task, for a mentorship relation which does not involves the user (neither as a mentor nor as a mentee) | Fail |
```

Reviewer 4: @khushishikhu a minor change needed here

Reviewer 5: @khushishikhu please update as suggested

> | Logged in user requests to list all task for a invalid mentorship relation , which involves the user (as a mentor or as a mentee)                       | Fail |     

Reviewer 4: Which  case is this? If relation is invalid, then how the user can be involved with it?

| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |-------- |
| Create a task for a relation, in the accepted state, between logged user and another user | Success |
| Creating a task without a description (either empty or not in the request body at all)    | Fail    |
| Create a task when a logged user is not involved in the relation                          | Fail    |
| Create a task if relation state is different than accepted                                | Fail    |

### List All Tasks

**Service:** PUT /mentorship_relation/{request_id}/task/{task_id}

| Test Case      | Outcome |
| -------------- | -----------|
| Logged in user requests list all task,or out of all task,for a mentorship relation those which involves the user (as a mentor or as a mentee) | Success |
| Logged in user requests list all task,or out of all task, for a mentorship relation those which involves the user (neither as a mentor nor as a mentee) | Fail |
| Logged in user requests to list all task for a invalid mentorship relation , which involves the user (as a mentor or as a mentee) | Fail |     

> | Logged in user requests list all task,or out of all task, those which doesn't involves the user (as a mentor or as a mentee) | Fail |

Reviewer: Isn't this same as case 2?

> | Not logged in user requests to List all task for any mentorship relation| Fail |

Reviewer: for any **valid/invalid** mentorship relation

Just to make sure we also take care of invalid relation.
